I believe existence encompasses all things we know to all things that are unknown. Let's first iron out what it means to exist:

In order for "exist" to exist, the concept of "exist" must first exist. Well, either this concept must've been the product by Someone
or something, or if that Someone or something that conceived this concept either "doesn't exist" or never existed, the concept
by the most simple reasoning must have always existed in the first place (meaning the concept of exist couldn't exist without 
something defining it, lest it already "was"). In the eyes of science there isn't an absolute "answer" to this so one may find oneself incapable of 
understanding this in any other scenario: it is because it is definite that these are the only two cases on the concept of "exist".
Given either case, since the concept of "exist" exists then "all that exists", also known as "existence", is a product of exist.

Since existence is a product of "exist", it would then translate as an abstraction to encompasse all that exists, whether we know what exists or not.
This is where the idea of energy comes from, as it is neither created nor destroyed but somehow has always existed. Every bit of datum
within existence, including energy, is a product of "exist". Reiteration on "every ounce of data", meaning everything that that exists
is used by some product of "exist", even if that happens to be a bit of datum in whatever guise it may exist.

An easier way to perceive this notion...
The "concept of exist" is more or less abstracted as a blueprint to the value of "exist". Since this concept exists, "exist" is
by default a derivation/representation of the "concept of exist" as an instance of this concept in it's untouched whole. 
"Existence" derives "exist" in that "all things that exist" form the proportions that sum up to the instance of "exist" in it's 
whole.
 - an objective example would be to look at exist as some sort of pie chart, and existence represents the summative proportions of 
 different values and measurements that are in the pie chart. If a pie chart called "All ethnicities in the U.S 2019" consisted of pieces
 such as: White (65%), Black (16%), Hispanic or Latino (not white) (11%), Asian or Pacific Islander (4%), other (1%), they would total to
 a whole 100% of the pie chart in it's whole. It's just that, by comparison, "existence" (all that exists) is to "exist" as a summation of pie chart 
 fragments are to the corresponding pie chart.

So, with this logic, the universe that we know exists, for example, is just a proportion to "existence", which indeed, when taken as a whole
is by the derivation of "exist". I say universe as a proportion because even the thought of other universes as separate proportions of existence 
is beyond what we know, but definitely not non-existent. Why? We must understand the roots of "existence", where existence derives "exist" 
and "exist" derives the "concept of exist", where as we know has either been invoked by Someone or something, which had to have always existed
before "exist", or the "concept of exist" has to have always existed: in which either way the source is infinite. So "existence" may wherefore
have an infinite number of proportions in which a multiverse may exist - multiverses of multiverses too. Whatever lies in those multiverses
are things we probably know or don't know, but it's for sure in capacity of things we don't know that we either know or don't know.

To a more confusing note...

Then, given this same logic, we can say that everything exists, even if it "doesn't exist". So for everything that we conceptually 
define as "doesn't exist" or "nonexistent" already exists: it's present in such a scope to define what doesn't
exist. Now let's fall back on a more general understanding of exist and not exist. We tend to think that things do not exist if there is
no finite capacity for it to exist, such as dragons, fairies, and other mythical creatures, etc. Whether that may be the case, considering
both either on earth or something that may exist in a different or otherwise parallel existence, one with "common-sense" would say that 
the point of it being a myth is that it either doesn't exist or never existed in the first place. Well, in contrast to that, following the
logic and reasoning of things that "could not be possible/exist" it does indeed exist by the simplicity of thought. Here's a traceback:

 - to generate a "thought", the brain uses energy (for the sake of understanding instead of jargon)
 - this energy used to power the brain, though within different cycles take place in which energy is converted,
 has derived from some source, whether that be from energy stored in the human body or consumed by some food.
 - from food such as an apple, the flow of energy derives from it's seed. From the seed, the enzymes, energy
 and minerals during it's growth. 
 - That energy comes from some other derived source. regardless, this energy that is used is asserted to derive as a 
 proportion of "existence", the very instance of "exist".
 - wherefore energy is a proportion of existence, to whatever measure that may be, the "thought" and "meaning" our brains
 create and store away as data represents a subset of what exists to "existence".

Though as outlandish as one may seem to put it, reason with this familiar flow of logic: there are things we don't know and things we know.
within these two lies things we know and things we don't know likewise, in that there are:

 - things we know that we know
 - things we know that we don't know
 - things we don't know that we know
 - things we don't know that we don't know

Unfornately the latter of these, "things we don't know that we don't know", seems to dominate all possbilities, in that where there
are infinite proportions that sum to existence, we couldn't possibly know everything. This begs the suggestion that, in result of this
logic, when such myths and fantasies are spouted, so long as there is meaning or thought to fuel them - and if you follow the previously
mentioned traceback - these myths that are given meaning and thought, where meaning and thought are the product of things stored and created
by the brain, are a subset to what exists, no matter what nth subset they are. It is derived from what is used in existence. It's not my
prerogative to notion that, then, some myth can physically manifest, but don't let finite measures completely dictate all that can exist,
as even "existence" is a proportion to what is infinite; it's a bit crass to say something doesn't exist, but rather there isn't enough to
say it physical is not present: though, given the aspects of a mythical creature for example, it however does exist in the form of a
thought or meaning for that matter, which is a subset to what exists.We cannot simply say something doesn't exist if it doesn't follow
the finite scheme of things our brains have set up (for the sake of the ability to follow and measure
things we know or things we know we don't know).

Let's sum up the more general flow of logic that we've mentioned (things we know that we know, things we don't know that we know, things we 
don't know that we know, and things we don't know that we don't know) and apply that to "existence"

 - things we know that we know: 
  Things we are aware of knowing about such as -
  * the 5 basic human senses
  * nutrition
  * sleep.

 - things that we know we don't know:
  Things we are aware of not knowing about, or not having enough information to tell
  * Talents and abilities that aren't attributed to us (such as muscular dexterity or mental finesse)
  * experience with subjects that are known but 